---
title: To New Seasons
date: April 9, 2022
tags: new season, next gen, rust, blog
series:
---

# The Dashing Owl Begins

The Dashing Owl is finally live! This is my personal blog/thoughts collector. I wont ever write anything really personal here, as this is still the internet, but this will be more to talk about my thoughts on all things Tech around the world. The website is currently under version 1.0 (as of 4-9-22) and will probably be very beta-ish for a long time, as I always change my mind on the direction of this project haha.

There is a reason this took a very long time to come about. I was super busy with life and I have a hard time pushing forward due to planning on projects like this. This site is not where I want it to be. But in all reality I don't know where it should be... I just have lack of contentment I guess haha.

So where did "THE DASHING OWL" come from? Well it is an easy answer.. my daughter likes owls, and I thought it was a look play on words. Just think about an Old English post company being named "The Dashing Owl", sounds legit to me. So the name stuck and the project began.

The core of the site was already in place before I started designing too. I was really getting into backend server markdown parsers, and I started developing different backend rendered web sites around this concept. I wrote different builds in JS, TS, Goland and Rust. Rust being one of my favorite languages, I decided to write this current project in Rust with the Axum backend framework. So thank you to the Rust team and the Tokio team behind Axum!

```fsharp
[<EntryPoint>]
let main _ =
    Host
        .CreateDefaultBuilder()
        .ConfigureWebHostDefaults(fun webHostBuilder ->
            webHostBuilder
                .UseWebRoot("public")
                .Configure(configureApp)
                .ConfigureServices(configureServices)
            |> ignore)
        .Build()
        .Run()
```

So what is next?! Well hopefully I keep developing this site and learning new things to implement. And I hope the content is good and enjoyable!

### Eric Christensen
